they can pull you right in reporting
live count for Craig back to you Thank
You captain and we continue to follow a
breaking story right now that plane
crash in teterboro is Jersey officials
are now speaking about it at this hour
listen in fighting the fire at that
point has Rick Heights fire operations
government assisted the Port Authority
crash truck and extinguishing the fire
there were two individuals on the plane
both parties were talking to my officers
upon arrival one individual was
transported by Hasbrouck Heights
ambulance to Hackensack Medical Center
second individual was a transporter a
hacky sack by Hasbrouck Heights
ambulance to Teterboro Airport and put
on a new jersey state police chopper a
medevac and medevac the st. barnabas
hospital with some burns at this point
we have no further information on your
condition other than that they were both
consciously speaking to the first
responding officer officer warren for my
department yes nope nobody else heard
there was we have two witnesses that
were on scene when you officers arrived
detectives my department in Port
Authority have been in interviewing and
our interview at this time they tell you
what happened
the plane as far as we know at this
point was landing in Britain actually
from what we hear was at a Reading
Pennsylvania and it was making a run
with blood dust specimens on it actually
from what we understand the plane was
being operated for quest Diagnostics
which is located on an industrial a of
your Teterboro as far as anything else
on that plane I really have nothing for
you on that not to my knowledge no sir
can you describe
discard the records which
the plane is basically total the FAA is
on scene they'll be handling the
investigation portion of this spring up
in your faces on the ground it is in
several pieces yes sir
actually no I'm not too sure there was a
lot of a damaged feet twin engine
Beechcraft
I guess God was on his shoulder flying
out when I don't know with
no not every day was shocking they work
they were given medical assistance in a
legit talk to the fire suit she'll cry
when you apply
what was on fire what was the response
not a Port Authority the Port Authority
responded with both crash trucks they
were forming the aircraft as we arrived
once we arrived we took over we finish
forming the aircraft most of the fire
was out upon arrival opens the I mean
we don't know that most of it was out
before we got here
the two victims were already at the bus
stop when we got
whoever the police officer was the first
one on the scene to talk to him yeah did
they get out by themselves into
somebody's on Cisco as far as we know
they crawled out throw down damn yeah
what's it to our any who are here on the
scene telephone my got on scene they're
already sitting at the curb at the bus
stop both of them were alert and
conscious and answering questions
one individual was severely burned the
other one was telling the story of what
happened want to had the more burns just
SAT there was like in a daze was crap
what was he telling absolutely because I
saw the wreckage and they both said we
were in the plane so I was a little
taken back you know how did you walk
away from this at this point they were
just more confused than anything Diane
kept a how are you okay woody I need
water I'm thirsty I'm thirsty that's
where we got a hold on a minute you got
paramedics coming I tried to get a story
from them but they were both in shock
they didn't realize what was going on at
the minute nothing like oh I've heard of
it a lot of nothing like that just
talking just talking like a normal
conversation talking about the claims
going for transit nothing about the
accident both males
I don't know I didn't ask him how they
get out cuz I just what's wrong with you
right now what medical condition you
have the one guy you can see he was
burned bad the other guy decisions kept
ladies and gentlemen kind of beating a
dead horse anybody the investigation
portion this is going to be done by the
FAA we were the first responders my
offices were knocking Port Authority
hasbrouck heights Fire Rescue all
responded for the initial impact far he
was put out at this point FAA is on
scene and they take over the
investigation Ernie hang out 146 what's
the situation route 46 of what eastbound
was opened up in about 20 minutes after
the crash and we will have route 46
westbound open up probably within a half
hour okay willow pull this all together
for you when we come right back we are
taking a live look at a press conference
being held well